Add `kibi2/tirenvi.nvim` (#2292)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [rogue-87/inlyne.nvim](https://github.com/rogue-87/inlyne.nvim) - Wrapper for [inlyne](https://github.com/Inlyne-Project/inlyne) Markdown viewer.
- [Prgebish/sigil.nvim](https://github.com/Prgebish/sigil.nvim) - Implementation of Emacs' `prettify-symbols-mode` to visually replace text patterns with Unicode symbols while editing LaTeX and Typst files.
- [satozawa/graft.nvim](https://github.com/satozawa/graft.nvim) - Tree-structured editing for Markdown bullet lists with subtree text objects, Alt+hjkl navigation, and structural operations.

> - [kibi2/tirenvi.nvim](https://github.com/kibi2/tirenvi.nvim) - Structural Markdown and CSV table editor with lossless round-trip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [kibi2/tirenvi.nvim](https://github.com/kibi2/tirenvi.nvim) - Edit Markdown and CSV tables with lossless round-trip.
```
